[Music]
don't split before you watch all of this
if you see a banana with this mark throw
it away immediately what could be so bad
bananas they're delicious nutritious and
potentially malicious wait what was that
last part how could one little banana do
any harm whatsoever well what if I told
you that these days some of them can
easily send you to the hospital
yeah you'll definitely want to know
about this so please keep watching and
don't forget that we have so many
extremely important and useful videos
like this one coming out every day on
the bright side of life so be sure to
subscribe and ring that notification
bell so that you don't miss a thing but
back to bananas the first huge i opening
case of this potassium pak fruits
potential danger happened back in 2013
it started out innocently enough a 29
year-old UK woman had just bought a
couple of bananas like we all do from
time to time she noticed white fuzzy
spots on one of them but figured it was
just mold on the peel however as she was
peeling the banana to eat it get ready
for this she spotted tons of little
spiders not only in the banana itself
but on her table and floor yeah pure
nightmare fuel
the woman acted quickly and took the
bundle back to the grocery store for a
refund she also had to call pest control
since her house looked like something
straight out of a horror movie
the exterminator informed her that these
were Brazilian Wandering Spider z--
which according to the Guinness Book of
World Records are the most toxic spiders
in the world in fact their venom is 30
times more potent than that of a
rattlesnake apparently these deadly
spiders often hide in banana bundles
after they get sorted thankfully no one
was bitten but the family still had to
leave their home for three days until it
was absolutely safe again of course
the incident made a lasting impression
on the family and the woman even
confessed that she was afraid to ever
buy bananas again and who can blame her
that would be utterly traumatizing bad
pun warning yes that banana had lost its
appeal hey don't blame me now
unfortunately this isn't the only case
of its kind out there just one year
after that the story repeated itself
when a father of two from Staffordshire
England bought some bananas and put them
in a fruit ball next to the window after
a couple of days he saw a terrifying
scene of white patches all over the
windowsill and curtains with tons of
tiny spiders on them of course he
immediately called pest control who once
again told the family to leave the house
right away they were allowed to return
only three days later even though the
experts couldn't identify what type of
spiders they were since they were way
too small they suggested it could have
been Brazilian Wandering Spider 'he's
but come alive this was all five years
ago
surely this banana invading spider
dilemma has been solved by now right
not at all in May 2017 a 30 year old
English woman also became victim of this
horrendous experience when she was about
to peel her banana and noticed a white
egg sac on it this sac suddenly broke
open releasing hundreds of spiders that
started crawling on her hands and arms
the rest of the story is the same the
woman and her seven month old son had to
leave their house for three days so that
the exterminators could get rid of all
the deadly spiders and guess what kind
they were yep the Brazilian Wandering
Spider Hey
don't they even check the visas on these
spiders coming from over there but
that's not the most horrifying story
venomous spiders can not only be on your
food right there in plain sight but also
hidden among it in July 2018 a
Connecticut woman found the infamous and
extremely deadly Black Widow
in some prepackaged grapes she bought at
the store what's even worse the woman
and her son were halfway through the
grapes when they made this terrifying
discovery thankfully nobody was hurt but
just imagine the situation and something
like this can happen to anybody well as
bone-chilling as all this is experts say
that finding spiders in your fruit is
actually a good sigh huh excuse me
apparently they're just the result of
pest management practices try to use
fewer chemicals on food and spiders can
help out with that but still who wants
to bite into some fruit and get a mouth
full of spiders I'd rather prevent that
from happening altogether wouldn't you
so what can you do in this case simple
carefully inspect fruit and veggies at
the store before you buy them
if you see any strange white spots on
them or even on the fruits around them
don't even think about putting them in
your grocery basket in general picking
the best bananas depends on what you
want to use them for keep in mind that
green bananas ripen slowly well already
ripe yellow ones can go Brown pretty
quickly and don't forget to look closely
for any brown spots or damage from
handling these are good signs as well
but enough about bananas let's split
oops sorry didn't warn you about the pun
there are tons of other amazing fruits
that can turn out to be awful once you
get them home so how do you pick them
correctly ah don't worry I've got all
the tricks you need starting with number
one apples when you buy apples you
definitely don't have to worry about
finding spiders there at least there
haven't been any well-known cases of
something like that happening still if
you unknowingly pick a rotten apple or
one that has mold on it you can get sick
and if just one of your apples has Maul
it won't be long till this mold spreads
to other perfectly fine ones so it goes
without saying don't buy or eat moldy
apples secondly if you see any holes in
the apple don't get it they're caused by
mold or insects and can make the exposed
flesh inside the apple moldy as well
good apples should be firm to the touch
full colored and have a nice smell
number two pears
when it comes to pairs by two of them so
you have a pair oh we're talking about
the fruit sorry with pears
everything depends on when you're going
to eat them if you want ripe pears right
now press a finger into the top of the
pear where the stem joins the fruit if
it's soft then you found what you need
but be careful
like most fruits already ripe pears can
go bad pretty fast so the sooner you can
eat them the better if the pears you're
about to buy are soft anywhere else
that's a bad sign of overripe fruit that
shouldn't be consumed however if you're
planning to eat them after a few days or
so the top should be hard that way
they'll reach their full ripeness in a
couple of days just in time for you to
enjoy them number three oranges again
oranges are pretty safe from any
unpleasant eight-legged surprises
actually they can even be used as a
spider repellent but as far as consuming
them goes you'll want to stay away from
too soft and moldy oranges there's also
a big misconception of picking oranges
by their color this isn't always
accurate since ripe oranges can regrain
instead pick a firm smooth and
thin-skinned product brown patches on
oranges aren't bad either they're just a
sign that this product is from a warm
and naturally humid region so it's your
call
whether you're gonna buy this type or
not
number four grapes let's try to forget
about that traumatic black widow
incident and take another look at grapes
well you know the answer to the most
important question yes there's a very
slim possibility of finding a spider
there but it really doesn't happen that
often so if you still find grapes
appealing wait a minute I thought that
was bananas that had a peel here's what
you should know first of all the color
is one of the best flavor indicators the
sweetest green grapes are yellow green
and the best red ones are predominantly
red as for black grapes it's better to
choose richly black ones and just like
with pretty much any fruit grapes need
to be firm and mold-free
that's it if you follow these simple
rules you'll have perfectly sweet grapes
on your table at all times number five
peaches now peaches are delicious and
all but it can be hard to pick the best
ones
the first clue of a good peach is a
vibrant color the only red flag here is
lighter parts with green ones which
means that the peach was picked way too
early and won't taste as good as a ripe
one the second clue is the firmness the
juicier the peach the more ripe it is
just like with pears you have to press
on the top if it starts to give then the
peach is ripe and the most important
thing is no mold that's true for any
fruit you want to buy as you've seen
today what may seem like mold could be a
dangerous spiders home and even if it's
not you still shouldn't eat or keep
mouldy food so be careful and make sure
to double check everything before buying
and consuming the product but how about
you have you ever seen any of these
weird spots on your fruit and do you
know any other ways to spot potentially
dangerous produce please tell us in the
comments below
if you found this video informative
don't forget to give it a like and share
it with every
you know and for more Brightside in your
life
just click subscribe and join the family
see you soon
[Music]